hey guys I'm going to share three ways
that you can share pricing on your B2B
website with three different examples
and if you are still on the fence about
sharing pricing on your B2B site I can
tell you I've interviewed around 370 B2B
execs on my podcast breaking B2B and
from that data most of them have said
they want to quickly land on your
website and understand exactly what you
do how you help problems you fix see
your offer or product in action see some
proof of results check pricing check
it's actually roughly within budget get
some of their questions answered and on
the basis you tick all of those boxes
they want to easily schedule a call with
an expert or specialist so let's dive
straight on in some examples if we start
with my site breaking
bb.com we've done it a little bit
differently so we don't have a dedicated
pricing page but for each of our main
Services be it B2B web design B2B SAS
design BB SEO or
podcasting so if we jump to the SEO page
for B2B
companies what we've got is we've got
the hero area where it talks about what
we do in the problem we fix some social
proof and as we scroll down we've got a
section here so just below the fold just
you scroll down it says our pricing so
we've got a starting from range as we're
a service-based company I often hear the
objection well our pricing is custom we
need to speak to the customer first we
need to understand their goal goals
their problems their ideas and then we
can give them a tailored system but you
must surely have options I.E perhaps
you've got tier one starts from five
grand tier two starts from 10 grand or
tier three starts from 20 grand whatever
is relevant so surely you can put a
starting from range just to gauge it so
in our case we've got BB SEO from 3K USD
a month or 2.5k GBP um and then that way
folks have got an idea so if they are
way under that they're probably better
are off speaking to a different
company and it just gives them a gauge
of of where we're going to start at so
we get more qualified conversations when
it comes to booking calls we've done the
same for all of the main Services we
offer around B2B web design B2B SEO and
btb podcast production so that is the
tier one you can weave it into those
relevant offer feature or service pages
so people can quickly get an idea of the
pricing second is I'm looking at my
friends Revenue Heroes their site now so
on the revenue here I S they've got a
pricing page just like many SAS where
straight away above the fold you've got
options for individual bundle and then
straight away you've got the pricing
based on whether it's yearly or
monthly and straight away you can see
those tiers with a breakdown of the
features that's
included but what's nice is on a great
pricing page you can then leverage
social proof so they've got examples of
brands that they've helped one thing
they could do is rather than say loved
by hundreds they could put a specific
number so when it's crispy when it's
specific to the exact number it builds
more trust it sounds more believable so
it might say loved by I don't know
1,227 B2B companies making sales life
easier with instant booking calendar
something like that might be a bit
crispier for this line here shares
what's included it's got some nice more
social proof with reviews so you can add
some client testimonials or maybe you do
video reviews where it talks about the
problem they came to you to fix why they
chose you not competitor the results
you've brought to the table the impact
you've had and and why they'd recommend
so it's always good to have job title
name believable photo
company but if you can do a video review
that's nice as well then they go back to
the pricing calculator here and then
there've also some FAQs so what you'll
notice is if you've got a pricing page
it will be one of the most visited pages
on your B2B site for good reason people
want to check how much it costs that
they can actually afford the offer but
these a great way to build trust by sh
that social proof logos you've helped
the amount of Brands you've helped
customer stories be video reviews or
written testimonials that are believable
and actually share what people want to
know about problems fixed jobs you've
helped them get done results then FAQ so
you can handle if you're getting common
questions on sales calls or common
objections handle them head on it's a
revenue hero I've got some here but they
could they could go direct against some
of the competitors like how do you stack
up against Kal Le or how do you stack up
against chili Piper why should I choose
you compared to C Le or chili Piper pper
um do I get a dedicated account
manager why should I choose you those
kind of questions are definitely getting
asked on sales calls address those
objections head on it's going to build
more transparency it's going to make
your sales team's life easier because
they don't have to handle those
questions on sales schols so anything
that's commonly brought up on a sales or
customer success Co weave that end this
page and it's going to kind of drive
more qualified prospects your way so
that's option two option one sharing on
the service or product or pricing pages
option two having a dedicated pricing
page and then option three hate to say
it but hiding the pricing altogether so
cognism do it but a bunch of other SAS
and tech companies and B2B service
companies completely hide pricing and
force quote unquote leads at any cost
basically having a pricing page but
hiding the price or even worse not
having any pricing page and saying look
everything's custom to order you need to
fill out a form if you wish to get in
touch and then we can help you with
pricing after you've booked a call or
booked a demo which I don't encourage
you to do I believe if you share your
price on your website it's building that
transparency it's showing folks that
you're not afraid to share it it's also
helping save your sales team time as
well as customers time so they're not
speaking and wasting each other's time
like I said it's good time to leverage
social proof video reviews amount of
companies you've helped written
testimonials FAQs to handle those common
objections and more hope this helps let
me know if you got any questions